SNMP MIBs
=========

1. 

OID :: "[u'1.3.6.1.4.1.9.9.42']"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
rttMonApplMaxPacketDataSize                                                         Bytes
rttMonApplNumCtrlAdminEntry                                                         Count
rttMonApplReset                                                                     Count
rttMonApplPreConfigedReset                                                          Count
rttMonApplProbeCapacity                                                             Count
rttMonApplFreeMemLowWaterMark                                                       Count
rttMonApplLatestSetError                                                            Count
rttMonApplResponder                                                                 Count
rttMonApplLpdGrpStatsReset                                                          Count

2. 

OID :: "[u'1.3.6.1.4.1.9.9.42.1.1.8.1']"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
rttMonApplSupportedProtocolsValid                                                   Number

3. 

OID :: "[u'1.3.6.1.4.1.9.2.1']"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
freeMem                                                                             Bytes
bufferElFree                                                                        Count
bufferElMax                                                                         Count
bufferElHit                                                                         Count
bufferElMiss                                                                        Count
bufferElCreate                                                                      Count
bufferSmSize                                                                        Count
bufferSmTotal                                                                       Count
bufferSmFree                                                                        Count
bufferSmMax                                                                         Count
bufferSmHit                                                                         Count
bufferSmMiss                                                                        Count
bufferSmTrim                                                                        Count
bufferSmCreate                                                                      Count
bufferBgSize                                                                        Count
bufferBgTotal                                                                       Count
bufferBgFree                                                                        Count
bufferBgMax                                                                         Count
bufferBgHit                                                                         Count
bufferBgMiss                                                                        Count
bufferBgTrim                                                                        Count
bufferBgCreate                                                                      Count
bufferMdSize                                                                        Count
bufferMdTotal                                                                       Count
bufferMdFree                                                                        Count
bufferMdMax                                                                         Count
bufferMdHit                                                                         Count
bufferMdMiss                                                                        Count
bufferMdTrim                                                                        Count
bufferMdCreate                                                                      Count
bufferLgSize                                                                        Count
bufferLgTotal                                                                       Count
bufferLgFree                                                                        Count
bufferLgMax                                                                         Count
bufferLgHit                                                                         Count
bufferLgMiss                                                                        Count
bufferLgTrim                                                                        Count
bufferLgCreate                                                                      Count
busyPer                                                                             Count
avgBusy1.0                                                                          Count
avgBusy5.0                                                                          Count
idleCount                                                                           Count
idleWired                                                                           Count

4. 

OID :: "[u'NETWORK_DEVICE_SYSTEM_METRICS_MIB']"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
hrSystemUptime                                                                      Seconds
hrSystemInitialLoadDevice                                                           Count
hrSystemNumUsers                                                                    Count
hrSystemProcesses                                                                   Count
hrSystemMaxProcesses                                                                Count
hrMemorySize                                                                        KBytes

5. 

OID :: "[u'1.3.6.1.2.1.25.2']"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
hrStorageUsed                                                                       Bytes
hrStorageAllocationUnits                                                            Bytes
hrStorageSize                                                                       Bytes
hrStorageAllocationFailures                                                         Count

6. 

OID :: "[u'IF-MIB::ifXTable']"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
ifHCInBroadcastPkts                                                                 Packets/s
ifHCOutOctets                                                                       Octets/s
ifHCOutUcastPkts                                                                    Packets/s
ifHCInMulticastPkts                                                                 Packets/s
ifHCInUcastPkts                                                                     Packets/s
ifHCInOctets                                                                        Octets/s
ifOutBroadcastPkts                                                                  Packets/s
ifOutMulticastPkts                                                                  Packets/s
ifInBroadcastPkts                                                                   Packets/s
ifInMulticastPkts                                                                   Packets/s
ifHighSpeed                                                                         Mbps
ifHCOutMulticastPkts                                                                Packets/s
ifHCOutBroadcastPkts                                                                Packets/s
ifHCOutBandwidth                                                                    Mbps
ifHCInBandwidth                                                                     Mbps
ifHCInLinkUtilization                                                               %
ifHCOutLinkUtilization                                                              %

7. 

OID :: "[u'IP-MIB::ipInReceives']"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
ipInReceives                                                                        Count

8. 

OID :: "[u'IPV6-MIB::ipv6IfTable']"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
ipv6IfOperStatus                                                                    Count
ipv6IfReasmMaxSize                                                                  Count
ipv6IfAdminStatus                                                                   Count
ipv6IfIdentifierLength                                                              Count
ipv6IfEffectiveMtu                                                                  Count

9. 

OID :: "[u'enterprises.2636.3.39.1.12']"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
jnxJsSPUMonitoringFPCIndex                                                          Count
jnxJsSPUMonitoringSPUIndex                                                          Count
jnxJsSPUMonitoringCPUUsage                                                          Percent
jnxJsSPUMonitoringMemoryUsage                                                       Percent
jnxJsSPUMonitoringCurrentFlowSession                                                Count
jnxJsSPUMonitoringMaxFlowSession                                                    Count
jnxJsSPUMonitoringCurrentCPSession                                                  Count
jnxJsSPUMonitoringMaxCPSession                                                      Count
jnxJsSPUMonitoringNodeIndex                                                         Count
jnxJsSPUMonitoringFlowSessIPv4                                                      Count
jnxJsSPUMonitoringFlowSessIPv6                                                      Count
jnxJsSPUMonitoringCPSessIPv4                                                        Count
jnxJsSPUMonitoringCPSessIPv6                                                        Count
jnxJsSPUMonitoringCurrentTotalSession                                               Count
jnxJsSPUMonitoringMaxTotalSession                                                   Count
jnxJsClusterMonitoringNodeIndex                                                     Count
jnxJsNodeCurrentTotalSession                                                        Count
jnxJsNodeMaxTotalSession                                                            Count
jnxJsNodeSessionCreationPerSecond                                                   Count
jnxJsNodeSessCreationPerSecIPv4                                                     Count
jnxJsNodeSessCreationPerSecIPv6                                                     Count
jnxJsNodeCurrentTotalSessIPv4                                                       Count
jnxJsNodeCurrentTotalSessIPv6                                                       Count
jnxJsSPUMonitoringTotalSessIPv4                                                     Count
jnxJsSPUMonitoringTotalSessIPv6                                                     Count

10. 

OID :: "[u'1.3.6.1.4.1.2636.3.4.2']"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
jnxYellowAlarmCount                                                                 Count
jnxYellowAlarmLastChange                                                            Time
jnxRedAlarmCount                                                                    Count
jnxRedAlarmLastChange                                                               Time

11. 

OID :: "[u'enterprises.2636.3.1.13.1']"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
jnxOperating1MinLoadAvg                                                             Count
jnxOperating15MinLoadAvg                                                            Count
jnxOperatingMemory                                                                  MB
jnxOperatingHeap                                                                    MB
jnxOperatingBuffer                                                                  MB
jnxOperatingDRAMSize                                                                MB
jnxOperatingTemp                                                                    C
jnxOperatingState                                                                   Number
jnxOperatingCPU                                                                     %

12. 

OID :: "[u'JUNIPER-FIREWALL-MIB::jnxFWCounterDisplayFilterName']"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
jnxFWCounterPacketCount                                                             Packets
jnxFWCounterByteCount                                                               Bytes

13. 

OID :: "[u'JUNIPER-IPv6-MIB::jnxIpv6StatsReceives']"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
jnxIpv6StatsReceives                                                                Count

14. 

OID :: "[u'JUNIPER-PFE-MIB::jnxPfeMemoryUkernFreePercent']"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
jnxPfeMemoryUkernFreePercent                                                        Count

15. 

OID :: "[u'JUNIPER-SUBSCRIBER-MIB::jnxSubscriberTotalCount']"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
jnxSubscriberTotalCount                                                             Count

16. 

OID :: "[u'TCP-MIB::tcp']"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
tcpMaxConn                                                                          Count
tcpActiveOpens                                                                      Count
tcpPassiveOpens                                                                     Count
tcpAttemptFails                                                                     Count
tcpEstabResets                                                                      Count
tcpCurrEstab                                                                        Count
tcpInSegs                                                                           Count
tcpOutSegs                                                                          Count
tcpRetransSegs                                                                      Count
tcpInErrs                                                                           Count
tcpOutRsts                                                                          Count

17. 

OID :: "[u'UCD-SNMP-MIB::memory']"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
memIndex                                                                            Count
memTotalSwap                                                                        Count
memAvailSwap                                                                        Count
memTotalReal                                                                        Count
memAvailReal                                                                        Count
memTotalFree                                                                        Count
memMinimumSwap                                                                      Count
memShared                                                                           Count
memBuffer                                                                           Count
memCached                                                                           Count
memSwapError                                                                        Count

18. 

OID :: "[u'UDP-MIB::udp']"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
udpInDatagrams                                                                      Count
udpNoPorts                                                                          Count
udpInErrors                                                                         Count
udpOutDatagrams                                                                     Count
