gRPC/Openconfig Sensors
=======================

1. Sensor :: "/junos/system/linecard/npu/memory/"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
mem-util-size                                                                       bytes
mem-util-allocated                                                                  bytes
mem-util-utilization                                                                %
mem-util-bytes-allocated                                                            bytes
mem-util-allocation-count                                                           Count
mem-util-free-count                                                                 Count

2. Sensor :: "/junos/rsvp-interface-information/"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
authentication-flag                                                                 boolean
aggregate-flag                                                                      boolean
protect-flag                                                                        boolean
message-statistics-messages-sent                                                    Count/s
message-statistics-messages-received                                                Count/s
message-statistics-messages-sent-5seconds                                           Count
message-statistics-messages-received-5seconds                                       Count
bandwidth-priority-0-total-reserved-bandwidth                                       bps
bandwidth-priority-1-total-reserved-bandwidth                                       bps
bandwidth-priority-2-total-reserved-bandwidth                                       bps
bandwidth-priority-3-total-reserved-bandwidth                                       bps
bandwidth-priority-4-total-reserved-bandwidth                                       bps
bandwidth-priority-5-total-reserved-bandwidth                                       bps
bandwidth-priority-6-total-reserved-bandwidth                                       bps
bandwidth-priority-7-total-reserved-bandwidth                                       bps

3. Sensor :: "/junos/system/linecard/interface/"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
oper-status                                                                         Count
admin-status                                                                        Count
in-octets                                                                           Octets/s
in-pkts                                                                             Packets/s
out-octets                                                                          Octets/s
out-pkts                                                                            Packets/s
out-multicast-pkts                                                                  Packets/s
out-broadcast-pkts                                                                  Packets/s
out-unicast-pkts                                                                    Packets/s
carrier-transitions                                                                 Count
out-errors                                                                          Error/s
queue.pkts                                                                          Packets/s
queue.bytes                                                                         Bytes/s
queue.allocated-buffer-size                                                         Bytes

4. Sensor :: "/junos/system/linecard/intf-exp/"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
oper-status                                                                         Count

5. Sensor :: "/junos/system/linecard/qmon-sw/"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
egress.packets                                                                      Count/s
egress.bytes                                                                        Bytes/s

6. Sensor :: "/junos/services/label-switched-path/usage/"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
mpls_lsps_constrained-path_tunnels_tunnel_packets                                   packets/s
mpls_lsps_constrained-path_tunnels_tunnel_bytes                                     bytes/s

7. Sensor :: "/components/"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
temperature                                                                         Celsius
temperature-cpu                                                                     Celsius
temperature-intake                                                                  Celsius
cpu-utilization-user                                                                %
cpu-utilization-background                                                          %
cpu-utilization-interrupt                                                           %
cpu-utilization-kernel                                                              %
cpu-utilization-idle                                                                %
cpu-utilization-total                                                               %
memory-utilization-buffer                                                           MB
memory-utilization-heap                                                             MB
memory-dram-installed                                                               MB
memory-dram-used                                                                    MB

8. Sensor :: "/junos/system/subscriber-management/infra/sdb/statistics/"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
active-state-count                                                                  Count
configured-state-count                                                              Count
dhcp-client-count                                                                   Count
dhcp-client-count                                                                   Count
essm-client-count                                                                   Count
init-state-count                                                                    Count
l2tp-client-count                                                                   Count
mlppp-client-count                                                                  Count
ppp-client-count                                                                    Count
pppoe-client-count                                                                  Count
static-client-count                                                                 Count
terminated-state-count                                                              Count
terminating-state-count                                                             Count
total-client-count                                                                  Count
total-state-count                                                                   Count
vlan-client-count                                                                   Count
vpls-pw-client-count                                                                Count

9. Sensor :: "/junos/system/linecard/packet/usage/"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
ts-input-packets                                                                    Count
ts-output-packets                                                                   Count
ts-fabric-input-packets                                                             Count
ts-fabric-input-packets-pps                                                         pps
ts-fabric-output-packets                                                            Count
ts-fabric-output-packets-pps                                                        pps
lpbk-packets                                                                        Count
lpbk-packets-bytes                                                                  bytes
lpbk-packets-pps                                                                    pps
lpbk-packets-bps                                                                    bps
hwds-normal                                                                         Count
hwds-fabric                                                                         Count
ts-input-packets                                                                    Count
ts-input-packets-pps                                                                pps
ts-output-packets                                                                   Count
ts-fabric-input-packets                                                             Count
ts-fabric-input-packets-pps                                                         pps
ts-fabric-output-packets                                                            Count
ts-fabric-output-packets-pps                                                        pps
lpbk-packets                                                                        Count
lpbk-packets-bytes                                                                  bytes
lpbk-packets-pps                                                                    pps
lpbk-packets-bps                                                                    bps
hwds-normal                                                                         Count
hwds-fabric                                                                         Count

10. Sensor :: "/junos/npu-memory/"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
mem-util-size                                                                       Count
mem-util-allocated                                                                  Count
mem-util-utilization                                                                Count
mem-util-bytes-allocated                                                            Count
mem-util-allocation-count                                                           Count
mem-util-free-count                                                                 Count

11. Sensor :: "/junos/system/linecard/cpu/memory/"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
mem-util-size                                                                       bytes
mem-util-allocated                                                                  bytes
mem-util-utilization                                                                %
mem-util-allocations                                                                Count
mem-util-frees                                                                      Count
mem-util-failed                                                                     Count

12. Sensor :: "/interfaces/"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
oper-status                                                                         Count
admin-status                                                                        Count
in-octets                                                                           Octets/s
in-pkts                                                                             Packets/s
out-octets                                                                          Octets/s
out-pkts                                                                            Packets/s
out-multicast-pkts                                                                  Packets/s
out-broadcast-pkts                                                                  Packets/s
out-unicast-pkts                                                                    Packets/s
carrier-transitions                                                                 Count
out-errors                                                                          Error/s
queue.pkts                                                                          Packets/s
queue.bytes                                                                         Bytes/s
queue.allocated-buffer-size                                                         Bytes

13. Sensor :: "/junos/services/segment-routing/sid/usage/"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
mpls_signalling-protocols_segment-routing_aggregate-sid-counters_aggregate-sid-counter_in-pktspackets/s

14. Sensor :: "/bgp-rib/afi-safis/afi-safi/ipv6-unicast/neighbors/"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
adj-rib-in-pre.num-routes                                                           Count
adj-rib-out-pre.num-routes                                                          Count
adj-rib-in-post.num-routes                                                          Count
adj-rib-out-post.num-routes                                                         Count

15. Sensor :: "/junos/task-memory-information/task-memory-overall-report/task-size-block-list/task-size-block/"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
tsb-size                                                                            Count
tsb-alloc-bytes                                                                     bytes
tsb-allocs                                                                          Count
tsb-max-allocs                                                                      Count
tsb-max-bytes                                                                       bytes
tsb-free-bytes                                                                      bytes
tlv-discard                                                                         Count
tlv-unknown                                                                         Count

16. Sensor :: "/bgp-rib/afi-safis/afi-safi/ipv4-unicast/neighbors/"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
adj-rib-in-pre.num-routes                                                           Count
adj-rib-out-pre.num-routes                                                          Count
adj-rib-in-post.num-routes                                                          Count
adj-rib-out-post.num-routes                                                         Count

17. Sensor :: "/lldp/interfaces/interface/neighbors/"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
age                                                                                 seconds

18. Sensor :: "/junos/system/linecard/firewall/"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
memory-usage.heap.allocated                                                         bytes

19. Sensor :: "/junos/system/linecard/npu/utilization/"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
util-metric                                                                         Count
util-average-util                                                                   Byte
util-highest-util                                                                   Byte
util-lowest-util                                                                    Byte
util-average-cache-hit-rate                                                         %'
util-highest-cache-hit-rate                                                         %'
util-lowest-cache-hit-rate                                                          %'
util-disp-0-pkts-rate                                                               Packets/s
util-disp-1-pkts-rate                                                               Packets/s
util-disp-2-pkts-rate                                                               Packets/s
util-disp-3-pkts-rate                                                               Packets/s

20. Sensor :: "/nd6-information/"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
expiry                                                                              seconds

21. Sensor :: "/junos/system/subscriber-management/client-protocols/dhcp/v4/"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
dropped-total                                                                       Count
dropped-bad-read                                                                    Count
dropped-short-packet                                                                Count
dropped-no-interface                                                                Count
dropped-no-routing-instance                                                         Count
dropped-no-memory                                                                   Count
dropped-recovery-in-progress                                                        Count
dropped-v4server-total                                                              Count
dropped-v4server-bad-hware                                                          Count
dropped-v4server-bootp-pkt                                                          Count
dropped-v4server-bad-bootp-opcode                                                   Count
dropped-v4server-bad-options                                                        Count
dropped-v4server-bad-address                                                        Count
dropped-v4server-no-address                                                         Count
dropped-v4server-no-interface-cfg                                                   Count
dropped-v4server-no-local-address                                                   Count
dropped-v4server-short-pkt                                                          Count
dropped-v4server-no-bad-send                                                        Count
dropped-v4server-no-option60                                                        Count
dropped-v4server-no-option82                                                        Count
dropped-v4server-authentication                                                     Count
dropped-v4server-dynamic-profile                                                    Count
dropped-v4server-no-license                                                         Count
dropped-v4server-no-bad-dhcp-opcode                                                 Count
dropped-v4server-no-options                                                         Count
dropped-v4server-hop-limit                                                          Count
dropped-v4server-ttl-expired                                                        Count
dropped-v4server-bad_udp-checksum                                                   Count
dropped-v4server-inactive-vlan                                                      Count
dropped-v4server-era-start-failed                                                   Count
dropped-v4server-client-lookup                                                      Count
dropped-v4server-lease-time-violation                                               Count
offer-delayed                                                                       Count
offer-delay-in-progress                                                             Count
offer-delay-total                                                                   Count
msg-recv-v4server-boot-request                                                      Count
msg-recv-v4server-decline                                                           Count
msg-recv-v4server-discover                                                          Count
msg-recv-v4server-inform                                                            Count
msg-recv-v4server-release                                                           Count
msg-recv-v4server-request                                                           Count
msg-recv-v4server-renew                                                             Count
msg-recv-v4server-rebind                                                            Count
msg-recv-v4server-lease-query                                                       Count
msg-recv-v4server-bulklease-query                                                   Count
msg-sent-v4server-boot-reply                                                        Count
msg-sent-v4server-offer                                                             Count
msg-sent-v4server-boot-ack                                                          Count
msg-sent-v4server-nak                                                               Count
msg-sent-v4server-force-renew                                                       Count
msg-sent-v4server-unassigned                                                        Count
msg-sent-v4server-unknown                                                           Count
msg-sent-v4server-active                                                            Count
msg-sent-v4server-query-done                                                        Count
binding-state-v4server-binding                                                      Count
binding-state-v4server-init                                                         Count
binding-state-v4server-bound                                                        Count
binding-state-v4server-selecting                                                    Count
binding-state-v4server-requesting                                                   Count
binding-state-v4server-renew                                                        Count
binding-state-v4server-release                                                      Count
binding-state-server-restoring                                                      Count
dropped-v4relay-total                                                               Count
dropped-v4relay-bad-hardware                                                        Count
dropped-v4relay-bootp-packet                                                        Count
dropped-v4relay-bootp-packet                                                        Count
dropped-v4relay-bad-bootp-opcode                                                    Count
dropped-v4relay-bad-address                                                         Count
dropped-v4relay-no-address                                                          Count
dropped-v4relay-no-interface-cfg                                                    Count
dropped-v4relay-no-local-address                                                    Count
dropped-v4relay-short-packet                                                        Count
dropped-v4relay-bad-send                                                            Count
dropped-v4relay-option-60                                                           Count
dropped-v4relay-relay-option                                                        Count
dropped-v4relay-option-82                                                           Count
dropped-v4relay-authentication                                                      Count
dropped-v4relay-dynamic-profile                                                     Count
dropped-v4relay-license                                                             Count
dropped-v4relay-bad-dhcp-opcode                                                     Count
dropped-v4relay-no-options                                                          Count
dropped-v4relay-hop-limit                                                           Count
dropped-v4relay-ttl-expired                                                         Count
dropped-v4relay-bad-udp-checksum                                                    Count
dropped-v4relay-inactive-vlan                                                       Count
dropped-v4relay-era-start-failed                                                    Count
dropped-v4relay-client-lookup                                                       Count
dropped-v4relay-proxy-no-server-addr                                                Count
dropped-v4relay-lease-time-violation                                                Count
dropped-v4relay-leasequery-repl-no-circuitid                                        Count
dropped-v4relay-leasequery-repl-with-error-code                                     Count
dropped-v4relay-leasequery-repl-with-query-term                                     Count
dropped-v4relay-older-leasequery-reply                                              Count
dropped-v4relay-abort-leasequery-reply-proc                                         Count
dropped-v4relay-during-leasequery-reply                                             Count
dropped-v4relay-relay-source-no-lpbk-interface                                      Count
v4relay-bootp-request-rcvd                                                          Count
msg-recv-v4relay-decline                                                            Count
msg-recv-v4relay-discover                                                           Count
msg-recv-v4relay-inform                                                             Count
msg-recv-v4relay-release                                                            Count
msg-recv-v4relay-request                                                            Count
msg-recv-v4relay-leaseactive                                                        Count
msg-recv-v4relay-leaseunassigned                                                    Count
msg-recv-v4relay-leaseunknown                                                       Count
msg-recv-v4relay-leasequerydone                                                     Count
v4relay-bootp-reply-rcvd                                                            Count
msg-recv-v4relay-offer                                                              Count
msg-recv-v4relay-ack                                                                Count
msg-recv-v4relay-nak                                                                Count
msg-recv-v4relay-forcerenew                                                         Count
v4relay-bootp-reply-sent                                                            Count
msg-sent-v4relay-decline                                                            Count
msg-sent-v4relay-discover                                                           Count
msg-sent-v4relay-inform                                                             Count
msg-sent-v4relay-release                                                            Count
msg-sent-v4relay-request                                                            Count
v4relay-bootp-forwarded-total                                                       Count
v4relay-bootp-request-fwd                                                           Count
v4relay-bootp-reply-fwd                                                             Count
binding-state-v4relay-binding                                                       Count
binding-state-v4relay-init                                                          Count
binding-state-v4relay-bound                                                         Count
binding-state-v4relay-selecting                                                     Count
binding-state-v4relay-requesting                                                    Count
binding-state-v4relay-renew                                                         Count
binding-state-v4relay-release                                                       Count
binding-state-v4relay-restoring                                                     Count

22. Sensor :: "/arp-information/ipv4/neighbors/neighbor/"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
expiry                                                                              seconds

23. Sensor :: "/junos/system/subscriber-management/client-protocols/dhcp/v6/"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
dropped-total                                                                       Count
dropped-bad-read                                                                    Count
dropped-short-packet                                                                Count
dropped-no-interface                                                                Count
dropped-no-routing-instance                                                         Count
dropped-no-safd                                                                     Count
dropped-no-memory                                                                   Count
dropped-recovery-in-progress                                                        Count

24. Sensor :: "/junos/task-memory-information/task-memory-overall-report/task-memory-stats-list/task-memory-stats/"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
tms-allocs                                                                          Count
tms-alloc-bytes                                                                     bytes
tms-max-allocs                                                                      Count
tms-max-bytes                                                                       bytes

25. Sensor :: "/junos/system/linecard/optics/"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
optics_type                                                                         Count
module_temp                                                                         C
module_temp_high_alarm_threshold                                                    C
module_temp_low_alarm_threshold                                                     C
module_temp_high_warning_threshold                                                  C
module_temp_low_warning_threshold                                                   C
laser_output_power_high_alarm_threshold_dbm                                         dbm
laser_output_power_low_alarm_threshold_dbm                                          dbm
laser_output_power_high_warning_threshold_dbm                                       dbm
laser_output_power_low_warning_threshold_dbm                                        dbm
laser_rx_power_high_alarm_threshold_dbm                                             dbm
laser_rx_power_low_alarm_threshold_dbm                                              dbm
laser_rx_power_high_warning_threshold_dbm                                           dbm
laser_rx_power_low_warning_threshold_dbm                                            dbm
laser_bias_current_high_alarm_threshold                                             mA
laser_bias_current_low_alarm_threshold                                              mA
laser_bias_current_high_warning_threshold                                           mA
laser_bias_current_low_warning_threshold                                            mA
module_temp_high_alarm                                                              C
module_temp_low_alarm                                                               C
module_temp_high_warning                                                            C
module_temp_low_warning                                                             C
lane_number                                                                         Count
lane_laser_temperature                                                              C
lane_laser_output_power_dbm                                                         dbm
lane_laser_receiver_power_dbm                                                       dbm
lane_laser_bias_current                                                             mA
lane_laser_output_power_high_alarm                                                  mW
lane_laser_output_power_low_alarm                                                   mW
lane_laser_output_power_high_warning                                                mW
lane_laser_output_power_low_warning                                                 mW
lane_laser_receiver_power_high_alarm                                                mW
lane_laser_receiver_power_low_alarm                                                 mW
lane_laser_receiver_power_high_warning                                              mW
lane_laser_receiver_power_low_warning                                               mW
lane_laser_bias_current_high_alarm                                                  mA
lane_laser_bias_current_low_alarm                                                   mA
lane_laser_bias_current_high_warning                                                mA
lane_laser_bias_current_low_warning                                                 mA
lane_tx_loss_of_signal_alarm                                                        Count
lane_rx_loss_of_signal_alarm                                                        Count
lane_tx_laser_disabled_alarm                                                        Count

26. Sensor :: "/lldp/interfaces/interface/state/"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
enabled                                                                             Count
frame-in                                                                            Count
frame-out                                                                           Count
frame-error-in                                                                      Count
frame-error-out                                                                     Count
frame-discard                                                                       Count
tlv-discard                                                                         Count
tlv-unknown                                                                         Count

27. Sensor :: "/junos/services/segment-routing/interface/ingress/usage/"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
mpls_signalling-protocols_segment-routing_interfaces_interface_in-pkts              packets/s
mpls_signalling-protocols_segment-routing_interfaces_interface_in-octets            bytes/s

28. Sensor :: "/lacp/"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
lacp-rx-errors                                                                      Count
lacp-errors                                                                         Count
lacp-unknown-errors                                                                 Count
lacp-tx-errors                                                                      Count
lacp-in-pkts                                                                        Count
lacp-out-pkts                                                                       Count
distributing                                                                        boolean
aggregatable                                                                        boolean
collecting                                                                          boolean

29. Sensor :: "/bgp-rib/afi-safis/afi-safi/ipv4-unicast/loc-rib/"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
num-routes                                                                          Count

30. Sensor :: "/bgp-rib/afi-safis/afi-safi/ipv6-unicast/loc-rib/"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
num-routes                                                                          Count

31. Sensor :: "/junos/services/segment-routing/interface/egress/usage/"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
mpls_signalling-protocols_segment-routing_interfaces_interface_out-pkts             packets/s
mpls_signalling-protocols_segment-routing_interfaces_interface_out-octets           bytes/s
 
JTI/Native Sensors
==================

1. Sensor :: "/junos/system/linecard/npu/utilization/"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
packets_average_instructions_per_packet                                             Byte
packets_rate                                                                        Packets/s
packets_average_wait_cycles_per_packet                                              s
packets_average_cycles_per_packet                                                   s
memory_average_util                                                                 Byte
memory_lowest_util                                                                  Byte
memory_highest_cache_hit_rate                                                       %
memory_highest_util                                                                 Byte
memory_average_cache_hit_rate                                                       %
memory_lowest_cache_hit_rate                                                        %

2. Sensor :: "/junos/system/linecard/interface/logical/usage/"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
egress_stats.if_packets                                                             Packets/s
egress_stats.if_mcast_packets                                                       Packets/s
egress_stats.if_octets                                                              Octets/s
ingress_stats.if_ucast_packets                                                      Packets/s
ingress_stats.if_packets                                                            Packets/s
ingress_stats.if_mcast_packets                                                      Packets/s
ingress_stats.if_octets                                                             Octets/s
op_state.operational_status                                                         Value

3. Sensor :: "/junos/system/linecard/npu/memory/"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
size                                                                                Byte
allocated                                                                           Byte
utilization                                                                         %

4. Sensor :: "/junos/system/linecard/packet/usage/"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
control_high_drops_packet_count                                                     Count
control_high_drops_packet_rate                                                      Count/s
dma_failure_packet_count                                                            Count
dma_failure_packet_rate                                                             Count/s
fabric_drops_packet_count                                                           Count
fabric_drops_packet_rate                                                            Count/s
hardware_input_drops_packet_count                                                   Count
hardware_input_drops_packet_rate                                                    Count/s
input_drops_packet_count                                                            Count
input_high_drops_packet_count                                                       Count
input_high_drops_packet_rate                                                        Count/s
input_low_drops_packet_count                                                        Count
input_low_drops_packet_rate                                                         Count/s
input_medium_drops_packet_count                                                     Count
input_medium_drops_packet_rate                                                      Count/s
input_packet_count                                                                  Count
input_packet_rate                                                                   Count/s
local_packets_input_packet_count                                                    Count
local_packets_input_packet_rate                                                     Count/s
local_packets_output_packet_count                                                   Count
local_packets_output_packet_rate                                                    Count/s
output_drops_packet_count                                                           Count
output_drops_packet_rate                                                            Count/s
output_packet_count                                                                 Count
output_packet_rate                                                                  Count/s
packet_get_failure_packet_count                                                     Count
packet_get_failure_packet_rate                                                      Count/s
rate_limited_packet_count                                                           Count
rate_limited_packet_rate                                                            Count/s
regular_discards_packet_count                                                       Count
regular_discards_packet_rate                                                        Count/s
total_dma_packets_packet_count                                                      Count
total_dma_packets_packet_rate                                                       Count/s

5. Sensor :: "/junos/system/linecard/interface/"


EntityType :: interface

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
egress_errors.if_errors                                                             Errors/s
egress_errors.if_discards                                                           Discards/s
egress_stats.if_1sec_pkts                                                           Packets/s
egress_stats.if_octets                                                              Octets/s
egress_stats.if_mc_pkts                                                             Packets/s
egress_stats.if_bc_pkts                                                             Packets/s
egress_stats.if_1sec_octets                                                         Octets/s
egress_stats.if_error                                                               Errors/s
egress_stats.if_pkts                                                                Packets/s
egress_stats.if_uc_pkts                                                             Packets/s
egress_stats.if_pause_pkts                                                          Packets/s
ingress_errors.if_in_fifo_errors                                                    Errors/s
ingress_errors.if_in_frame_errors                                                   Errors/s
ingress_errors.if_discards                                                          Discards/s
ingress_errors.if_in_l3_incompletes                                                 Packets/s
ingress_errors.if_in_runts                                                          Packets/s
ingress_errors.if_errors                                                            Errors/s
ingress_errors.if_in_l2chan_errors                                                  Errors/s
ingress_errors.if_in_resource_errors                                                Errors/s
ingress_errors.if_in_qdrops                                                         Drops/s
ingress_errors.if_in_l2_mismatch_timeouts                                           Packets/s
ingress_stats.if_1sec_pkts                                                          Packets/s
ingress_stats.if_octets                                                             Octets/s
ingress_stats.if_mc_pkts                                                            Packets/s
ingress_stats.if_bc_pkts                                                            Packets/s
ingress_stats.if_1sec_octets                                                        Octets/s
ingress_stats.if_error                                                              Errors/s
ingress_stats.if_pkts                                                               Packets/s
ingress_stats.if_uc_pkts                                                            Packets/s
ingress_stats.if_pause_pkts                                                         Packets/s
ifHighSpeed                                                                         Mbps
if_operational_status                                                               Value
ingress_stats.if_bandwidth                                                          Mbps
ingress_stats.if_link_utilization                                                   %
egress_stats.if_bandwidth                                                           Mbps
egress_stats.if_link_utilization                                                    %

EntityType :: queue

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
egress_queue_info.peak_buffer_occupancy                                             Bytes
egress_queue_info.rl_drop_bytes                                                     Bytes/s
egress_queue_info.packets                                                           Packets/s
egress_queue_info.rl_drop_packets                                                   Packets/s
egress_queue_info.bytes                                                             Bytes/s
egress_queue_info.allocated_buffer_size                                             Bytes
egress_queue_info.tail_drop_packets                                                 Packets/s
egress_queue_info.red_drop_packets                                                  Packets/s
egress_queue_info.red_drop_bytes                                                    Bytes/s
egress_queue_info.cur_buffer_occupancy                                              Bytes
egress_queue_info.avg_buffer_occupancy                                              Bytes

6. Sensor :: "/junos/system/linecard/cpu/memory/"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
bytes_allocated                                                                     Byte
allocations                                                                         Count
frees                                                                               Byte
allocations_failed                                                                  Count

7. Sensor :: "/junos/system/linecard/optics/"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
module_temp_low_warning                                                             Value
module_temp_high_alarm                                                              Value
module_temp_low_alarm                                                               Value
module_temp_high_warning                                                            Value
module_temp_low_warning_threhsold                                                   Counter
module_temp_high_alarm_threshold                                                    Counter
module_temp_low_alarm_threshold                                                     Counter
module_temp_high_warning_threshold                                                  Counter

8. Sensor :: "/junos/system/linecard/qmon/"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
egress_octets                                                                       Octets/s
egress_packets                                                                      Packets/s
egress_peak_buffer_occupancy_bytes                                                  Bytes
egress_peak_buffer_occupancy_percent                                                %
egress_red_drop_octets_color_0                                                      Count
egress_red_drop_octets_color_1                                                      Count
egress_red_drop_octets_color_2                                                      Count
egress_red_drop_octets_color_3                                                      Count
egress_red_drop_packets_color_0                                                     Count
egress_red_drop_packets_color_1                                                     Count
egress_red_drop_packets_color_2                                                     Count
egress_red_drop_packets_color_3                                                     Count
egress_tail_drop_octets                                                             Octets
egress_tail_drop_packets                                                            Packets

9. Sensor :: "/junos/system/linecard/firewall/"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
memory_allocated                                                                    Byte

10. Sensor :: "/junos/system/linecard/fabric/"

Name                                                                                Units
====                                                                                =====
packets                                                                             Packets
bytes                                                                               Bytes
packets_per_second                                                                  Packets/s
bytes_per_second                                                                    Bytes/s
drop_packets                                                                        Packets
drop_bytes                                                                          Bytes
drop_packets_per_second                                                             Packets/s
drop_bytes_per_second                                                               Bytes/s
queue_depth_average                                                                 Count
queue_depth_peak                                                                    Count
error_packets                                                                       Packets
error_packets_per_second                                                            Packets/s
